doc: releases: notes for v14.2.11 nautilus (#36570)
ceph/ceph: doc/releases/nautilus.rst

v14.2.11 Nautilus
=================

> This is the eleventh release in the Nautilus series. This release brings a

Reviewer: technically it's the twelfth since we started at 0 :)

Author: made it the eleventh backport release :)

number of bugfixes across all major components of Ceph. We recommend that all
Nautilus users upgrade to this release.

Notable Changes
---------------

* RGW: The ``radosgw-admin`` sub-commands dealing with orphans --
  ``radosgw-admin orphans find``, ``radosgw-admin orphans finish``,
  ``radosgw-admin orphans list-jobs`` -- have been deprecated. They
  have not been actively maintained and they store intermediate
  results on the cluster, which could fill a nearly-full cluster.
  They have been replaced by a tool, currently considered
  experimental, ``rgw-orphan-list``.

* Now when noscrub and/or nodeep-scrub flags are set globally or per pool,
  scheduled scrubs of the type disabled will be aborted. All user initiated
  scrubs are NOT interrupted.

> * Fixed a ceph-osd crash in committed osd maps when there is a failure to encode
>   the first incremental map. `issue#46443 <https://github.com/ceph/ceph/pull/46443>`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed a ceph-osd crash in _committed_osd_maps when there is a failure to encode the first message in the incremental osdmap. `issue#46443 <https://github.com/ceph/ceph/pull/46443>`_
```

Author: ack
